You've made it to the end.
Congratulations!
Can you believe how far you've come?
You've worked really hard and acquired many impressive skills,
but it still might feel hard to explain
everything you've learned to friends or employers.
So let me list what you've accomplished since the beginning of this course.
You've learned what the DOM is and how it's constructed.
You've learned how to create content with JavaScript.
You've learned about browser events and how to respond to them.
And you learned how to write better,
more performant code. Amazing work.
Now, this actually isn't the end, though.
You have the necessary knowledge to manipulate a web page,
but to truly become great at it,
you need to practice.
So build a bunch of projects to use DOM methods and interact with browser events.
Put these projects online and share them with others.
Thanks for working through this course with me,
and congratulations on your accomplishments. See you later.最新课程跟课件还有一对一辅导请加wx：udacity6